cluster_scripts/edge-cases/results.md, before:

# Empty
## Directory
Empty input directory: directory exists but contains no files.
*Wanted behaviour*: simply producing no output; succeeding rather than crashing.
**Fail**: 1 machine, 1 (or 3) empty directory (```./empty.sh dir 1 1``` and ```./empty.sh dir 1 3```). Results in ```StatusRuntimeException``` and the output directory on worker contains the temporary directory ```redsort-working``` (that directory is empty, and nothing else is in the output directory). From master:
```
10.1.25.21:5050
2.2.2.101
io.grpc.StatusRuntimeException: INTERNAL: input size must be 1
        at io.grpc.Status.asRuntimeException(Status.java:533)
        at fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$$anon$1.$anonfun$onClose$4(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:111)
        at in @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$ReceiveState$.init(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:44)
        at map @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$.$anonfun$unary$1(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:126)
        at async @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$.unary(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:125)
        at map @ fs2.grpc.client.Fs2ClientCall.unaryToUnaryCall(Fs2ClientCall.scala:64)
        at delay @ fs2.grpc.client.Fs2ClientCall$PartiallyAppliedClientCall$.apply$extension(Fs2ClientCall.scala:132)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.messages.WorkerFs2Grpc$$anon$1.$anonfun$runJob$1(WorkerFs2Grpc.scala:26)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.messages.WorkerFs2Grpc$$anon$1.runJob(WorkerFs2Grpc.scala:25)
        at handleErrorWith @ redsort.jobs.scheduler.WorkerRpcClientFiber$.runJobWithRetry(WorkerRpcClientFiber.scala:100)
        at map @ redsort.jobs.RPChelper$.$anonfun$handleRpcErrorWithRetry$3(RPChelper.scala:20)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.RPChelper$.$anonfun$handleRpcErrorWithRetry$2(RPChelper.scala:19)
```

## File
Empty input file: file exists but contains no records.
*Wanted behaviour*: producing no partitions.
**Success**: 1 machine, 1 directory with 1 empty file. Results in no partition file (but also no crash).

## Mix
Mix of empty/non-empty direcotries and files.
*Wanted behaviour*: ignore empty directories/files and correctly sort the data from the non-empty files.
**Successs**: 1 machine with the following input directories:
```
+-dir0
  +-file0     <-- empty
  +-file1     <-- 1000 records
+-dir1        <-- empty
```
Results in a single partition file with 1000 records (corectly sorted).
(tried giving both the empty and non-empty directory first -- result is the same)

# File size and file count
## Tiny input file
There is a very small number of records (e.g., 10).
**Success**. Tried:
- 1 machine, 1 directory, 1 file with 10 records (```./size-count.sh 1 1 1 10```)
- 2 machines, 3 directories, 4 files with 5 records, i.e., 120 records split between 24 files (```./size-count.sh 2 3 4 5```)

## Data heavily split into small files
For example, instead of 2 files with 320_000 records each, it is 20000 files with 32 records each.
Tried:
**Success**. Tried:
- 3 machines, 1 directory, 1000 files with 10 records, i.e., 30_000 records (3 MB) split between 3000 files.
Results in 3 partition files (9000, 9000, and 12000 records); all are sorted correctly, and no records are lost.

## Giant input file
All input data is in 1 file.
- 1 machine, 1 file with 2_560_000 records (256 MB)
Results in 2 partition files (1_280_000 records each) sorted correctly.

## Multiple giant input files
A few files, but all are large.
TODO

# Partition ranges
## Disjoint input
The input ranges on different workers are disjoint from the start, e.g., ```vm01``` has the largest key ```K```, and the smallest key in the input on ```vm02``` is larger than ```K```.

## "Cusper" records
Some keys that are exactly on the cusp of the partition ranges, e.g., the range assigned to ```vm01``` is ```[0,K]``` for some key ```K``` and the input (on any machine) contains a record with key ```K```.

# Skeweness and distribution
## Skewed towards the start
E.g., many "AAA..."

## Skewed towads the end
E.g., many "ZZZ..."

## Uneven distribution
E.g., a large portion of records share a prefix.

# Duplicates
## Identical files
All input files are identical.
**Success**: 3 machines, 3 directories, 3 files with 300 records, i.e., 9 identical files overall (```./duplicates.sh files 3 3 3 300```)

## Identical file sets
The file sets on each machine are the same.
**Success**: 2 machines, 2 directories, 2 files with 2000 records, where the input directory pairs on ```vm01``` and ```vm02``` are identical (```./duplicates.sh sets 2 2 2 2000```).

## Mix
Some files and file sets are identical, some are not.
**Success**: the input data is as follows (with ```./duplicates.sh mix 4 2 2 3 2 1000```):
```
vm01:
+-dir0
  +-file0
  +-file1   <-- copy of file0
  +-file2   <-- copy of file0
  +-file3
  +-file4
+-dir1
  +-file0   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file1   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file2   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file3
  +-file4
```
This set is copied to ```vm02```, while ```vm03``` and ```vm04``` have sets that are indepentdent of this one (each also with 2 directories with 5 files, each with 1000 records).

# Binary records
The data is binary instead of ASCII.
**Success**: 4 machines, 5 directories, 6 files per directory, 7000 *binary* records per file (840_000 records in total).

Commit message:

doc: some resuts of skewed data tests

cluster_scripts/edge-cases/results.md, after:

# Empty
## Directory
Empty input directory: directory exists but contains no files.
*Wanted behaviour*: simply producing no output; succeeding rather than crashing.
**Fail**: 1 machine, 1 (or 3) empty directory (```./empty.sh dir 1 1``` and ```./empty.sh dir 1 3```). Results in ```StatusRuntimeException``` and the output directory on worker contains the temporary directory ```redsort-working``` (that directory is empty, and nothing else is in the output directory). From master:
```
10.1.25.21:5050
2.2.2.101
io.grpc.StatusRuntimeException: INTERNAL: input size must be 1
        at io.grpc.Status.asRuntimeException(Status.java:533)
        at fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$$anon$1.$anonfun$onClose$4(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:111)
        at in @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$ReceiveState$.init(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:44)
        at map @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$.$anonfun$unary$1(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:126)
        at async @ fs2.grpc.client.internal.Fs2UnaryCallHandler$.unary(Fs2UnaryCallHandler.scala:125)
        at map @ fs2.grpc.client.Fs2ClientCall.unaryToUnaryCall(Fs2ClientCall.scala:64)
        at delay @ fs2.grpc.client.Fs2ClientCall$PartiallyAppliedClientCall$.apply$extension(Fs2ClientCall.scala:132)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.messages.WorkerFs2Grpc$$anon$1.$anonfun$runJob$1(WorkerFs2Grpc.scala:26)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.messages.WorkerFs2Grpc$$anon$1.runJob(WorkerFs2Grpc.scala:25)
        at handleErrorWith @ redsort.jobs.scheduler.WorkerRpcClientFiber$.runJobWithRetry(WorkerRpcClientFiber.scala:100)
        at map @ redsort.jobs.RPChelper$.$anonfun$handleRpcErrorWithRetry$3(RPChelper.scala:20)
        at flatMap @ redsort.jobs.RPChelper$.$anonfun$handleRpcErrorWithRetry$2(RPChelper.scala:19)
```

## File
Empty input file: file exists but contains no records.
*Wanted behaviour*: producing no partitions.
**Success**: 1 machine, 1 directory with 1 empty file. Results in no partition file (but also no crash).

## Mix
Mix of empty/non-empty direcotries and files.
*Wanted behaviour*: ignore empty directories/files and correctly sort the data from the non-empty files.
**Successs**: 1 machine with the following input directories:
```
+-dir0
  +-file0     <-- empty
  +-file1     <-- 1000 records
+-dir1        <-- empty
```
Results in a single partition file with 1000 records (corectly sorted).
(tried giving both the empty and non-empty directory first -- result is the same)

# File size and file count
## Tiny input file
There is a very small number of records (e.g., 10).
**Success**. Tried:
- 1 machine, 1 directory, 1 file with 10 records (```./size-count.sh 1 1 1 10```)
- 2 machines, 3 directories, 4 files with 5 records, i.e., 120 records split between 24 files (```./size-count.sh 2 3 4 5```)

## Data heavily split into small files
For example, instead of 2 files with 320_000 records each, it is 20000 files with 32 records each.
Tried:
**Success**. Tried:
- 3 machines, 1 directory, 1000 files with 10 records, i.e., 30_000 records (3 MB) split between 3000 files.
Results in 3 partition files (9000, 9000, and 12000 records); all are sorted correctly, and no records are lost.

## Giant input file
All input data is in 1 file.
- 1 machine, 1 file with 2_560_000 records (256 MB)
Results in 2 partition files (1_280_000 records each) sorted correctly.

## Multiple giant input files
A few files, but all are large.

# Skewed
The genereted records are skewed, i.e., they are non-uniformly distributed.
**Success**. Tried:
- 2 machines, 1 directory, 2 files with 100 ascii records (400 records overall)
- 5 machines, 2 directories, 4 files with 10_000 binary records each (400_000 records overall, 390_000 duplicate keys)

# Duplicates
## Identical files
All input files are identical.
**Success**: 3 machines, 3 directories, 3 files with 300 records, i.e., 9 identical files overall (```./duplicates.sh files 3 3 3 300```)

## Identical file sets
The file sets on each machine are the same.
**Success**: 2 machines, 2 directories, 2 files with 2000 records, where the input directory pairs on ```vm01``` and ```vm02``` are identical (```./duplicates.sh sets 2 2 2 2000```).

## Mix
Some files and file sets are identical, some are not.
**Success**: the input data is as follows (with ```./duplicates.sh mix 4 2 2 3 2 1000```):
```
vm01:
+-dir0
  +-file0
  +-file1   <-- copy of file0
  +-file2   <-- copy of file0
  +-file3
  +-file4
+-dir1
  +-file0   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file1   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file2   <-- copy of ../dir0/file0
  +-file3
  +-file4
```
This set is copied to ```vm02```, while ```vm03``` and ```vm04``` have sets that are indepentdent of this one (each also with 2 directories with 5 files, each with 1000 records).

# Binary records
The data is binary instead of ASCII.
**Success**: 4 machines, 5 directories, 6 files per directory, 7000 *binary* records per file (840_000 records in total).
