doc/week6.md, before:

# Week 6 Progress Report

- Week 6: 11/17 ~ 23

## Progress in this week

- Implemented core components of `jobs` package: `Scheduler` and `Worker`
- Adjusted [milestones](/doc/milestone.md) based on feedback from progress presentation
- Created [github project](https://github.com/users/Quasar-Kim/projects/1) to track progress and partition tasks

## Goal of the next week

- Implement `worker` and `master` binary
- Implement part of file replicator service (just enough to achieve milestone 1)
- Achieve milestone 2 (sorting small data on local environment)
- Extensively test our implementation on local machine
- Start working on fault tolerance

## Goal of the next week for each individual member

- Junseong:
    - Implement `master` binary
    - Test distributed sorting on local machine
- Jaehwan:
    - Complete the handlers of each job  and corresponding tests.
    - Implement `worker` binary
- Dana:
    - Complete the file service implementation
    - Start working on the automated tests on the real cluster

Commit message:

doc: mention progress about job system in week 6 progress report

doc/week6.md, after:

# Week 6 Progress Report

- Week 6: 11/17 ~ 23

## Progress in this week

- Implemented core components of `jobs` package: `Scheduler` and `Worker`
- Adjusted [milestones](/doc/milestone.md) based on feedback from progress presentation
- Created [github project](https://github.com/users/Quasar-Kim/projects/1) to track progress and partition tasks
- Job system correctly communicate and run jobs on local network environment

## Goal of the next week

- Implement `worker` and `master` binary
- Implement part of file replicator service (just enough to achieve milestone 1)
- Achieve milestone 2 (sorting small data on local environment)
- Extensively test our implementation on local machine
- Start working on fault tolerance

## Goal of the next week for each individual member

- Junseong:
    - Implement `master` binary
    - Test distributed sorting on local machine
- Jaehwan:
    - Complete the handlers of each job  and corresponding tests.
    - Implement `worker` binary
- Dana:
    - Complete the file service implementation
    - Start working on the automated tests on the real cluster
